feat: Add Scripts to Automate Tasks in KLM (#2061)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: scripts/tests/README.md

## Version Checker: `version.sh`
Checks if the Command Line Tools for `kubectl`, `docker`, `GoLang`, `k3d` and `istioctl` have the correct versions.
It ensures that the versions are in valid format using [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).
In case of outdated versions, it simply gives a warning and exits with success. Have a look below to know more about the return codes.

#### Current Versions:
| CLI Tool  | Version |
| --------- | ------- |
| `kubectl` | v1.31.3 |
| `go`      | v1.23.3 |
| `k3d`     | v5.6.0  |
| `docker`  | v27.3.1 |
| `istioctl`| v1.24.1 |

#### Returns:
`0` -> Success<br>
`1` -> If the aforementioned tools aren't installed<br>
`2` -> Invalid version found, i.e., not conforming to Semantic Versioning schema<br>

## Create Test Clusters: `create_test_cluster.sh`
Creates two test clusters using `k3d` with the names `kcp` for the control plane and `skr` for the kyma runtime.
There might be a case where the clusters already exist, in which case the script will simply exit with success.
It is also a known issue that the installation might complain that the watcher CRD is missing, which can be easily fixed by running the script again.

> This is also accompanied by the `Ensure Test Clusters` task in the VSCode tasks, as well as by the corresponding run configuration for GoLand.

Author: So basically there's this known issue that during the local test setup, running a particular set of commands fails with errors on CRs/CRDs. So a simple solution is to just rerun the command. Hence the new script is provided to facilitate exactly this scenario.

This scripts internally depends on `version.sh` to check the versions of the required tools. In case you want to skip the version check, simply pass the flag `--skip-version-check`.

## Cleaning the Clusters: `clusters_cleanup.sh`
Deletes the test clusters `kcp` and `skr` using `k3d`.

## Deploying KLM from Sources: `deploy_klm_from_sources.sh`
Deploys the Kyma Lifecycle Manager from the current state of the locally cloned and developed repository.
It doesn't require any additional flags or parameters, as it will simply use the current state of the repository.

## Deploying KLM from Registry: `deploy_klm_from_registry.sh`
Deploys the Kyma Lifecycle Manager from the given image registry and the given image tag.
Accepts two **required** parameters:

> - `--image-registry`: Accept values are `prod` and `dev`.

Author: We have to choose one, it has to be either `dev` or `prod`

- `--image-tag`: The tag of the image to be used. Example: `latest`.

## Deploy Kyma: `deploy_kyma.sh`
Accepts one **required** parameters:
- `localhost`: When running KLM locally on the machine.
- `host.k3d.internal`: When deploying KLM onto a cluster.

## Un-Deploy Kyma: `undeploy_kyma.sh`

> Simply undeploys the Kyma installation from the cluster by deleting the `kyma` and the `secret` from the `kcp-system` namespace.

Author: Corrected it, that was a typo. Correct version is, it deletes the kyma and its corresponding secret from the cluster.

## End-To-End Tests: `e2e.sh`
Takes as input the same of the test target to run.
The test targets are defined in the `tests` directory of the project root.
The script will run the test target and output the results to the console.
The errors occurred during the test are handled directly by `make`.

## Installing CRDs: `install_crds.sh`

> A simple script to install CRDs required for KLM. The same ones as `make install` of the Makefile in the project root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script installs Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) required for Lifecycle Manager. The CRDs' set is the same as in the `make install` of the Makefile in the project root directory.
```
